# Tweet-Sentimental-Analysis

With the increasing popularity of social networking, blogging and micro-blogging websites, every day a huge amount of informal subjective text statements are made available online. The information captured from these texts, could be employed for scientific surveys from a social or political perspective Companies and product owners who aim to ameliorate their products/services may strongly benefit from the rich feedback On the other hand, customers could also learn about positivity or negativity of different features of products/services according to users’ opinions, to make an educated purchase. Furthermore, applications like rating movies based on online movie reviews   could not emerge without making use of these data. A Sentiment Summarization system takes as input a set of documents that contain opinions about some entity of interest. Subsequently, it processes all the given documents and generates a summary of all the input documents. This summary should represent the average opinion of all the documents and important aspects of the target of SA addressed in those documents. This allows both customers and companies to have easy access to public’s opinion regarding certain items/products. There are two main approaches to generating textual summaries. The first method, known as extractive-based summarization, is extracting some supposedly important parts of the exact texts in a corpus of documents and presenting them as a summary of that corpus. The second method, known as abstractive summarization, is generating a textual summary in which the used words are not necessarily the ones used in the corpus. There has been a great amount of previous research on various methods to utilize the web technology to maximize the benefits of customers as well as companies in the market place Likewise, this study pursues the same goal by performing consumer-products-based SA and summarization in the domain of smart phones on Twitter data. For this purpose, we manually annotated Twitter data for our experiments

The main goal of this work is processing informal text statements. However, informal text embraces also the characteristics of formal text. Therefore, the method we propose here is applicable to SA of short formal text as well. In the process of summarizing multi-documents, the following steps are essential: 1. Identifying products features (aspects) that public opinions are focused on. 2. Detection of polarity of the sentences that have the occurrence of the important features identified in step one. 3. Producing a numerical (in the form of graphics), as well as, a textual summary of those review sentences.

prerequisite:
-> Python 3 or higher
-> Twitter dev account to obtain API tokens 
